that can happen before you want to cut your hair looking for the
Scissors and notes that the little sister is having an adhesive party
has celebrated
and then she left on the balcony, on the other hand, left with it
you do not need to combine it so not bad but
cut but why actually
you cut a pair of scissors at all
A pair of scissors consists of three parts though a blade and a screw
you just need to screw the three parts together and Verkic
now the rehearsal
how does not somehow the substance Klein between the cut firmly
and the scissors do not cut
That is because the edges of the ski instructor are not polished yet
and that happens even before it's screwed together
in the ski hall factory
a grindstone can be sharpened really sharp
if you cross a pair of scissors in the middle you can get the weird one
well-sanded side
The sharpness of Trotta Swinkels depends on our speed
Winter the sharper the scissors you put now the two cut ones
Halves on top of each other are the sharp edges on the inside of the scissors
Now only the screwdrivers penetrate that makes it here at this hand crank
and then another rehearsal
but it still does not work the scissors cut though the front but
not until the end and that's why in the sheer half with one
Hammer arched com beaten
You can see that well if you look from the side through a closed clipper
sees through
There is a gap in the middle
on the screw and on the top are the intersecting with each other
The scissors on the whole length of their cuts must be cut equally well
Pressure on the edges to be the same everywhere
that is achieved through this soil Daly keeps sounds on tension
Now she finally cuts the fabric is in the lead
There is another reason for this to be a particularly important part of one
Scissors, this route is a small crescent-shaped rhine mountain
When closing, the right streaks half over this group
As a result, both scissors staples are firmly defied everywhere
again a rehearsal now the scissors cut this very well against the top
However, fetish he often on the ground, it can happen that the
bend and no longer close properly
and if you use a pair of hairdressing scissors to remove the adhesive tober
You should not be surprised if they are not really cutting anymore
want to cut a pair of scissors is therefore a precision tool
There are nearly 450 different types of duty each other's purpose
there are nail clippers
Porsche honors TP shave the difficult Basel scissors at one
heavy fall nonsense of course
but there are fish in heavy as I defend myself Knopfler shear poultry
So you better use the reason for haircutting
a scissors
with which one really cuts hair